Hey mom, I have a phone
When it comes to that woman, you stop pretending
All right,all right, all right
Don't be late the day after tomorrow!
OK, I see.
Mr. Gu signed it
The agreement is now in my hands
OK, I see.
Finally set up
But he seems to have a problem with the distribution of property
Why is he still too little?
I guess so.
Fortunately, I signed it in the end.
Then Mr. Gu, I will form it tomorrow.
But what is this marriage already?
Congratulations
Mr. Gu, this is the dress prepared for you tonight.
Which set do you choose?
That's it.
Then your girlfriend
Where did I get a girlfriend
There's a lady at the front desk who claims to be your date
Said the old lady let him come and let him go
Mom, don't mess around
The daughter of the Chen family has arrived
How is it? Isn't it beautiful?
The key is that he is the Chen family of the four major families
I don't need your help.
Do you think I want to?
Because your grandfather called me
I want you to bring Yunyao to the banquet
And he said he would announce it at the banquet
Yunyao is the daughter-in-law of our Zhao family
You said it was my birthday party and he threw it like this
Isn't this the prime minister pissing me off?
It seems he still doesn't give up
Want me to change my surname back to Zhao
The point is Yunyao
I'm not taking him
Mr. Gu, you participate in this occasion
It's really inappropriate not to have a female companion by your side
Why don't you bring your masturbation with you?